[SPEAKER_01]: I do this now because I might forget to tell you because it shows what a great man this guy was and yet how almost tragic it was.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dr. Jack Miller, senior year.
[SPEAKER_01]: We started in a seminar.
[SPEAKER_01]: This was a seminar and I do not remember the teacher's name who started.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I do too, Schuster.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mr. Schuster, started this seminar and he left and Dr. Miller took it over.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, when we started it, our grades were going to be based on attendance.
[SPEAKER_01]: Plus, we would have a group of, say, about four or five of us would be responsible for one of the seminar programs.
[SPEAKER_01]: And if it was a good one,
[SPEAKER_01]: That plus your attendance determined you're great.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's what we were told.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we had an exceptionally good one, and my attendance was perfect.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just one session a week.
[SPEAKER_01]: But Dr. Miller came in just before the course was over.
[SPEAKER_01]: He assigned us an essay.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so I knew I had an A in the course, so my essay was not really top flight at any stretch of the imagination, something offbeat and hurried up and just about to graduate.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I whipped by the animal science deal when this all grades in and I had a D posted for this seminar.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I went in to see Dr. Miller.
[SPEAKER_01]: I knew he'd made a mistake, and I said, Dr. Miller, I just saw on my bulletin board write a D in this seminar course.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: I gave it to you.
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, we were told that if we had our attendance plus our presentation of a program would determine our grade, and we had, and I told him who our speaker was, and he said, yes, I know that too.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he said, actually, you should be flunked.
[SPEAKER_01]: And if you were not a graduating senior with a good record, you would have been flunked.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, nobody ought to graduate from Texas A&M University with that kind of a presentation of material.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I snuck out of there with my D.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I was mad as it could be.
[SPEAKER_01]: The guy, you know, he was dishonest.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was just nothing was good about the whole situation.
[SPEAKER_01]: Until I got over that and I began to recollect a little and then I began to appreciate what he had told me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, as I came back here at school and then on the staff, I learned to appreciate Dr. Jack Miller above most all other people I ever knew in my life.
[SPEAKER_01]: A first-class human being, great teacher.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, he was head of the department, then dean of agriculture.
[SPEAKER_01]: and one of the real fine people I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: We were at a program together up in Washington State one time, the next time I saw him, and I reminded him of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, yeah, oh, yes, I remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then I told it again in front of his wife what a sorry guy he was.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, of course, jokingly, because I say at that time we were very, very close friends, and I had a great respect for them.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, he taught me a lesson is the whole story.
[SPEAKER_01]: He taught me a lesson that I needed to learn.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's go back to that freshman year.
[SPEAKER_01]: What kind of duties, tasks did a fish have in that boarding house and then over in the project house?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, in the boarding house we didn't have any particular assigned duties except making a bed or...
[SPEAKER_01]: out sweeping the room of one of the upperclassmen, but it was a very erratic, poorly coordinated situation.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was just who could, which of the upperclassmen could grab you and make you miserable.
[SPEAKER_01]: In the project houses, it was not so much that way.
[SPEAKER_01]: We didn't have many tasks assigned for the upperclassmen.
[SPEAKER_01]: We did our own beds, cleaned our own rooms, and you'd be in a room with upperclassmen.
[SPEAKER_01]: Freshmen and upperclassmen might be in the same room.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was there paddling or anything like that in the project house?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, some.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was not as bad because in addition to the house weather, you had a sort of a captain in the, I don't know if you could call him a captain, but anyway, a senior upperclassman who pretty well kept
[SPEAKER_01]: kept the thing in and you stayed in the cavalry yes same outfit and some of the other youngsters in that house were in different outfits yes it had no relationship all right you would go over and fall in did you didn't or no you didn't march into breakfast did you no we didn't march into breakfast but we had of course when it was time to
[SPEAKER_01]: Drill.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, you had an assigned tent, what, two hours for a drill.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where would you fall in for that?
[SPEAKER_01]: Over by Law and Prairie Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then where did y'all usually drill?
[SPEAKER_01]: On the drill field across the street, except in the cavalry we had drilled on horses, and they were out across the
[SPEAKER_01]: railroad tracks in the cavalry stables.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, describe, I haven't talked to anybody yet from cavalry.
[SPEAKER_01]: How many horses were there and what kind of care did the horses get and so forth?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know exactly how many.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know they could take an entire troop at one drill.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that would be, I imagine they had
[SPEAKER_01]: Probably at least 50 head, 40 to 50 head of horses.
[SPEAKER_01]: What variety of horses?
[SPEAKER_01]: They were not any particular breed, but the cavalry bought horses from farmers and ranchers all over the country, whether it was in the military, it was here, or for the cavalry units, which were very active then, horse units.
[SPEAKER_01]: were still going on in the regular Army.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you accustomed to horses before you got here?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, that's one reason I wasn't a cavalry.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course we didn't have a big ranch, but I was a cowboy.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, you got to be a cowboy.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're going to be a farmer.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they had a stable hand who took care of the horses.
[SPEAKER_01]: and uh did you have to saddle them and yes we saddled our own horses and we were assigned a horse and you took it whatever it was good bad or indifferent how many how many cadets might have be assigned to the same horse i would say not over four right while one of the others was out on that horse what did you other three do
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, no, we didn't drill at the same, in other words, they would have one cavalry or two cavalry units out there at one time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then at another time, you would drill the other, the other troop would drill.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think I'm right here, because it's been a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you play polo?
[SPEAKER_01]: I tried, but I couldn't spend the time, which is another story about me having to get a job.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had to give up the idea of playing polo because I got a job so I could stay in school, but that's a different story I'll tell you about in a little while.
[SPEAKER_01]: We did have a...
[SPEAKER_01]: A team, a hunting, jumping team.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I was on to that.
[SPEAKER_01]: We didn't have a lot of competition, but we did have a, go to an event in Austin.
[SPEAKER_01]: They did what the horses, what they called PORTAY, we had trucks that they loaded them in and hauled them.
[SPEAKER_01]: What's the word?
[SPEAKER_01]: PORTAY.
[SPEAKER_01]: How do you spell that?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: P-O-R-T.
[SPEAKER_01]: Double E, I think.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess the French word, I don't know what it is, but that's where you'd load them up and haul them.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we had that contest and some others locally here, other teams that would come in and we would
[SPEAKER_01]: do this hunt course or the jumping courses on that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did y'all sometimes have cavalry drills on Saturday or was that normally just during the five days?
[SPEAKER_01]: That was mostly during the five days because you had to walk the bull ring on Saturdays if you messed up.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, that was on the afternoons and one of the problems we had was
[SPEAKER_01]: It was in the—it was at the—first thing after lunch was the one—one of the times I had.
[SPEAKER_01]: And remember, it was across the tracks.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had chemistry lab that was from one to three.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had chemistry lab from three to five.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I had a chemistry teacher that would lock you out if you were late.
[SPEAKER_01]: And sometimes they didn't turn us loose quick enough over there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And we were walking from the railroad tracks to the chemistry building.
[SPEAKER_01]: That didn't happen often, but usually it didn't work, but it did happen.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was a, that created somewhat of a problem.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, so among the Aggie terminology, you didn't have a fish old lady.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you?
[SPEAKER_01]: Like they used to, the freshman in the core dorms had a freshman roommate who was his old lady.
[SPEAKER_01]: You didn't have... Not until the next year.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: When I moved into the dormitories.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that first year in the project house, did y'all talk Aggie lingo about the food?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did y'all give it the nicknames and all that?
[SPEAKER_01]: You bet.
[SPEAKER_01]: and the whole bit in that particular respect.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you get any trouble when you got home and forgot and used some Aggie lingo?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not at home.
[SPEAKER_01]: I did a time or two in mixed company with the nice girls or boys or ladies or somebody else that when it sort of slipped out and you were ashamed of yourself for
[SPEAKER_01]: As that first year developed, what did you learn about what to do in class?
[SPEAKER_01]: What were the rules that you realized about going to class and behavior in class?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was pretty much just cut and dried.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, you had learned, a lot of us, most of us, in old days, when you grow up during the Depression, there's a lot of things bad, but there's some things that are good, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: You learn discipline in most cases, certainly more so, I think, than maybe you would now.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you learn discipline and you learn respect for authority.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there was not much hesitancy if you misbehaved badly.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was no hesitancy in kicking you out of class.
[SPEAKER_01]: So this pretty well took care of itself.
[SPEAKER_01]: How often did you cut class?
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't cut.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't cut class without an excuse.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm talking about a good, without a reason, a good reason.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't cut class.
[SPEAKER_01]: I couldn't afford to because I wasn't that great a student.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then in class, did you stay awake?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: By and large, I'm sure I dozed at times, but I recall one kid in class that had a very propensity to doze off, and this was in military science.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so he, we had this military science book, what we called a bullet text, was about yea thick.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this kid went to sleep.
[SPEAKER_01]: Instructor took that book, bullet text book, big old book,
[SPEAKER_01]: walked around very quietly, and right by the side of him, the kid there all humped over and right by the side of him, he slammed that book on the floor, and it popped like a shotgun went off, and that kid almost climbed clear to the ceiling.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we, yeah, we stayed awake pretty much because I'd say in my case, this wasn't, many of us, we had to because we needed to learn all we could because we knew the test was coming sooner than later.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had, in this project house deal, and one of my things that might be interesting, hopefully, as I said earlier, I knew I had to work, and I came up Thanksgiving, almost Thanksgiving, I didn't have a job.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'd applied everywhere.
[SPEAKER_01]: Stores, mess hall, everywhere you could.
[SPEAKER_01]: And also, I'd applied in the animal science department for a job anywhere.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, in stables, had horses, had cattle.
[SPEAKER_01]: So came Thanksgiving time and I didn't have a job.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was pretty desperate.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, again, I was going to meet my folks at my sister's for Thanksgiving instead of going home.
[SPEAKER_01]: I packed my suitcase.
[SPEAKER_01]: picked it up and started out of the room.
[SPEAKER_01]: And about that time a knock came on the door.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Rudy Rader, Vaughn Rader at that time, who was an animal science teacher, was standing there and he was in charge of the beef cattle center and the beef cattle herd.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, you applied for a job in animal science, I mean down in the animal and beef cattle center, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, yes, sir.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, do you want to work bad enough to unpack that suitcase and be down there in 30 minutes?
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't stutter, stammer, or worry about Thanksgiving.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, I'd been away from home all that time too.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's how I got my first job.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember what the pay was?
[SPEAKER_01]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: Twenty-five cents an hour, and I was glad to get that sucker.
[SPEAKER_01]: And about how many hours a week?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: I probably worked about 20 hours a week or more.
[SPEAKER_01]: What were the duties?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, cleaning out cow stalls.
[SPEAKER_01]: And we had a herd of, we had show cattle that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: A small segment of it was show cattle.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we had nurse cows.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we'd bring those nurse cows in out of the pasture, which we'd have to round up riding an old high-headed horse that didn't watch for the potholes.
[SPEAKER_01]: We'd get those cows in there every morning.
[SPEAKER_01]: Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_01]: and then turn those calves in and let them nurse these cows.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, that was the job.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then we cleaned out stalls every two or three days, but particularly Saturday.
[SPEAKER_01]: Worked nearly all day Saturday.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, you still had your Sunday chores to do, morning and night.
[SPEAKER_01]: So living in a project house, and at that time the Beef Kettle Center was over here where the computer science area is, that old pavilion.
[SPEAKER_01]: Pasture was out on what's now the golf course, and so we had to get up early.
[SPEAKER_01]: I usually get up around 5 o'clock, 5.30, and be down, I had to be down at the barns.
[SPEAKER_01]: about 6, 6.15 in order to get all those chores done, get back, get breakfast, and get to an 8 o'clock class.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'd spend an hour or more down here, but it was a tight schedule.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I hitchhiked to Bryan and bought a bicycle so I could get there quicker and get back quicker.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I still remember how much I paid for it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I paid $6 for that sucker.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it had all the wheels, tires, and no bells or anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I rode that bicycle then.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you kept it at the project house and rode it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you ride it to class also?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, very seldom, if I didn't have to.
[SPEAKER_01]: You rode it to work and back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, I rode to work and back, unless something was way off on the other side of the campus.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't because...
[SPEAKER_01]: There was very little stuff stolen on this campus in those years.
[SPEAKER_01]: Very, very seldom.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you lock it always?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, never.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't know what locking a bicycle was.
[SPEAKER_01]: In the dormitories, for this point, there were people who would have a candy concession in the dormitories.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that candy was out in the hallway, wide open in boxes.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you took a piece of candy and put your nickel or dime in this money box, wide open money box.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it was very, very seldom that any of that stuff, money or candy, was taken.
[SPEAKER_01]: Can you believe that?
[SPEAKER_01]: That's a hard one.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you didn't go home until Christmas, your first semester?
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you get home?
[SPEAKER_01]: Hitchhiking.
[SPEAKER_01]: How long did it take?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I hitchhiked many times, and I don't remember specifically how long that took.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember my record was 13 hours, and that's a little over 500 miles.
[SPEAKER_01]: And normally, what route did you follow?
[SPEAKER_01]: Normally, I'd go from here to Dallas or Fort Worth, wherever I caught a ride.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I'm sure you've had other interviews to where people explained
[SPEAKER_01]: how you caught ride.
[SPEAKER_01]: You lined up and you took it from wherever you were and you didn't upstream or you were in big trouble.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you caught a ride to go north?
[SPEAKER_01]: You caught a ride out at the east gate?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: East gate or sometimes if you could
[SPEAKER_01]: You might go to Bryan.
[SPEAKER_01]: And where in Bryan?
[SPEAKER_01]: Out on, I can't remember exactly, but out on the other side of what you'd call downtown Bryan now, but on the highway.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was there a special place in Dallas and in Fort Worth?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, and I cannot, but I remember the one in Fort Worth.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where was it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, man, I cannot think of the name.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was it downtown?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it is out in the other edge of town.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, anyhow.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did non-Aggies ever try to get in the line?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not that I ever knew.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so you would go from there to Wichita Falls and then to Amarillo, up Highway 287?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, of course, as I say, if you got a ride to Dallas, you went to Dallas and then cut across and hit 287.
Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: And if you go into Fort Worth, now other times I've gone from here to Abilene, right across this way, Abilene and Childress, and then hit .287 and go back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you ever have any bad experiences hitchhiking?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not really.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been scared.
[SPEAKER_01]: This guy picked me up one time driving a truck.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this was when I was cutting through when I went by Aveline.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he picked me up just on the other side of Aveline and driving this truck.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he had been, he had hauled a load of cotton to the Galveston, I guess, from Lubbock.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Lubbock, Childress, whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: He took off, and I told him I appreciated the ride, and man, he was really running it, dude.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he said, can you drive a truck?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, well, I can drive a farm truck.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, well, do you have a license to drive a truck?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, no.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, I'm awfully sleepy.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you could drive, I'd let you drive this thing, but I guess I'd better not.
[SPEAKER_01]: And sure enough, that sucker would go to sleep doing then 50, 60 miles an hour was pretty rapid on those two-lane highways.
[SPEAKER_01]: But when he'd doze off, I kept watching him.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was going to help.
[SPEAKER_01]: But when he'd doze off, he'd just barely angle over to the right, fortunately not to the left, and run off at the side of the pavement.
[SPEAKER_01]: And when that wheel would drop off, he'd wake up.
[SPEAKER_01]: And fortunately, he didn't overcorrect.
[SPEAKER_01]: But when we got to Lubbock or Childress, whichever one it was, I was glad to get out of that thing even though I wanted to get home.
[SPEAKER_01]: But that and another guy who was in an automobile driving 80, 85 miles an hour because he had to meet some people for a cow deal he was working on.
[SPEAKER_01]: But other than that, no, I didn't have any bad experiences.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had good experiences with some nice people.
[SPEAKER_01]: You said 13 hours was your record.
[SPEAKER_01]: What about the other extreme?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you have any that took you a long time?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: I got from here to Claude, Texas in very short order.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, this was at night.
[SPEAKER_01]: I got to Claude, Texas about 11 o'clock at night.
[SPEAKER_01]: Claude, Texas is eight miles from my home, house.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you go on a state highway, county road, I get, no, it's a state highway, I guess, but you go that eight miles.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I'd ride on the corner, a service co-service station there, and wasn't much traffic going any direction.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'd stand at the service station, look out the window, and I'd see a car coming, and I'd hustle out there,
[SPEAKER_01]: see if they were going to turn to go to Panhandle Road, which would take me to Conway where I lived.
[SPEAKER_01]: There weren't many cars that went in that direction and usually they'd pick you up if you had two or three cars going by without one of them picking you up.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a very strange phenomenon since you were in uniform.
[SPEAKER_01]: But only one or two cars went by.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was still at that service station at eight o'clock the next morning.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now that's about nine hours when I was within eight miles of home.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, my folks didn't have a telephone.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had to call the store at Conway, and they had to go to get my folks up there, which was a quarter of a mile or so away, and come up to use the town phone, the town phone.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I didn't, I couldn't call.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyway, I finally, after daylight the next morning, about eight o'clock, I called a ride home.
[SPEAKER_01]: But that was the worst trip I had.
[SPEAKER_01]: During that first year,
[SPEAKER_01]: What Aggie traditions did you take part in?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you go to Silver Taps?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: What impression did it make when you first went to Silver Taps?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, it was awesome to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, I'd heard of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was a very, very chilling, inspiring thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where was it held?
[SPEAKER_01]: In front of an academic building.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just like it is today?
[SPEAKER_01]: And did you and your friends take it seriously?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nobody played any games, nobody.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not Silver Tap's time.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was a different.
[SPEAKER_01]: What about, describe bonfire in that era.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, that's quite a deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: The bonfire then was held on the drill field across from Law and Prairie Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: We scrapped stuff together that you wouldn't believe.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just anything that was a wooden nature that would burn.
[SPEAKER_01]: Boxes, crates, lumber.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where'd you get it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Just wherever you could scrounge it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sometimes it wasn't legitimate.
[SPEAKER_01]: but some trees and brush and what you get a hold of and then when in those prized times if you got it built up there which I guess was what 35 40 feet at the most certainly not higher than that probably less well you had a
[SPEAKER_01]: one or two holder.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where did it come from?
[SPEAKER_01]: On the top bunk.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where did the outhouse come from?
[SPEAKER_01]: I wasn't in on the outhouse, so I couldn't tell you where, but it came from the community nearby Texas A&M University that was swiped from somebody's backyard.
[SPEAKER_01]: About how long did you and your buddies work on Bonfire?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, I would say a week, ten days.
[SPEAKER_01]: I can't remember exactly, but probably not over a week or ten days.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was it fun?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, you had fun, and then, of course, you had to guard you that night because those stinking guys from Texas University would try to burn that sucker.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did anybody try?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: One night, I guess they got word they were coming, they had put some logs or telephone poles scattered around that thing because how they would try, they'd run a car up there with a torch.
[SPEAKER_01]: and throw it into that deal the night before or the night or two before.
[SPEAKER_01]: I only remember one, this one, I understand it happened more, but I don't remember the one time.
[SPEAKER_01]: But what they didn't know was that there was a log out there and when they tried to get away, they hit this log and stalled and they got caught and they just went over there and just turned the car up on the side.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, but nobody was hurt in it and they eventually turned it back over and the guys went ahead.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was a, of course, when you're talking about those times, you're talking about, what, 5,000 students.
[SPEAKER_01]: In fact, right after World War II, we got down to
[SPEAKER_01]: During World War II, I don't remember what we got down to, 5,000, 6,000 students the most.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I think before the war, yeah, I know, before the war, this friend of mine had his picture made on the steps of the systems building, being congratulated by the president because he was the 6,000th student.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, other traditions and rituals, midnight yell practice.
[SPEAKER_01]: We made midnight yell practice.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where was it?
[SPEAKER_01]: At the Grove or at the Y?
[SPEAKER_01]: Midnight yell practice, gosh almighty.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or was it held?
[SPEAKER_01]: I believe it was on the, I don't know, on the drill.
[SPEAKER_01]: I cannot remember the exact place.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the Grove, I know later on that there was some with the Grove.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm pretty sure of this.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know, I'm thinking it was across from the academic building.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes it was across from the academic building on the drill field.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe going to that first year or so going to an Aggie football game here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did y'all march in?
[SPEAKER_01]: We marched in after I was in the dormitory.
[SPEAKER_01]: Before then
[SPEAKER_01]: No, we just went and had a seat, got a seat wherever you could.
[SPEAKER_01]: Stood up.
[SPEAKER_01]: Stood up the whole time just like we do now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you capture yell leaders and throw them in the pond after the victory?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, of course we didn't have a pond like we got now then.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where did they get?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I don't recall throwing them in a pond anywhere.
[SPEAKER_01]: I cannot remember a pond.
[SPEAKER_01]: It might have happened, but I do not recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember going to muster before World War II?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: I haven't had anybody to remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: If muster was held, people, that has slipped.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember fish day.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're talking about throwing people in a pond.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, describe fish day.
[SPEAKER_01]: Fish day was when the freshman had their say.